---
title: "Coconut Yoghurt Oatmeal Delight with Cinnamon and Nut Butter"
madeFor: "Halufita"
description: "Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet"
pubDate: "Oct 23 2023"
heroImage: "/recipe/000-001.webp"
layout: "../../layouts/FullPageImageLeft.astro"
---

## Ingredients

- 1 cup rolled **oats**
- 2 cups **water**
- 1/2 cup **coconut milk**
- 1/4 teaspoon **vanilla extract**
- 1 tablespoon **maple syrup** or **honey** (optional)
- 1/4 teaspoon **Ceylon cinnamon**
- 1 tablespoon **nut butter** (such as almond butter or peanut butter)
- 1/4 cup **coconut yoghurt**
- Tasty Toppings: sliced **bananas**, fresh **berries**, shredded **coconut**, chopped **nuts**, and a drizzle of honey or maple syrup

## Instructions

1. In a saucepan, bring the water to a boil. Add the rolled oats and reduce the heat to medium-low. Cook the oats for about 5 minutes, stirring occasionally, until they reach your desired consistency.
2. In a separate small saucepan, heat the coconut milk over low heat. Stir in the vanilla extract, sweeten with maple syrup or honey if desired, and add the Ceylon cinnamon. Mix well until combined.
3. Once the oats are cooked, remove the saucepan from the heat and pour in the sweetened coconut milk with cinnamon. Stir well to combine.
4. Transfer the oatmeal to a serving bowl. Top with a dollop of coconut yoghurt and a tablespoon of nut butter.
5. Get creative with your toppings! Add sliced bananas, fresh berries, shredded coconut, chopped nuts, and drizzle with honey or maple syrup.

Enjoy your flavorful and satisfying Coconut Yoghurt Oatmeal Delight with Cinnamon and Nut Butter for a delicious breakfast!

_Note: If you prefer a creamier consistency, you can cook the oats in a combination of water and coconut milk instead of just water. Adjust the liquid ratio as desired._
