---
title: Butternut Squash Mushroom Risotto
description: A refreshing and vibrant salad with a burst of flavors.
madeFor: Dorothee
pubDate: Oct 28 2023
heroImage: /recipe/000-006.webp
layout: ../../layouts/FullPageImageLeft.astro
---

## Ingredients

|                               |                                                               |
| ----------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------- |
| - 1 ½ cups Arborio rice       | - 1 cup butternut squash, diced                               |
| - 4 cups vegetable broth      | - 1 cup grated Parmesan cheese (or vegetarian alternative)    |
| - 1 onion, finely chopped     | - 2 tablespoons butter (or olive oil for a vegan version)     |
| - 3 cloves of garlic, minced  | - 1 tablespoon olive oil                                      |
| - 1 cup white wine (optional) | - Salt and pepper to taste                                    |
| - 1 cup mushrooms, sliced     | - Fresh herbs (such as parsley or basil), chopped for garnish |

## Instructions

1. In a large pot, heat the vegetable broth over medium heat. Keep it warm on the stove while you prepare the risotto.
2. In a separate large pot, heat the olive oil and butter over medium heat. Add the chopped onion and minced garlic, and sauté until they become fragrant and translucent.
3. Add the Arborio rice to the pot and stir well to coat the rice in the oil and butter mixture. Toast the rice for a minute or two until it becomes slightly translucent.
4. Optional step: Add the white wine to the pot and stir until it is absorbed by the rice.
5. Begin adding the warm vegetable broth to the pot, one ladle at a time, stirring continuously. Allow each ladle of broth to be absorbed by the rice before adding the next. Continue this process until the rice is cooked and reaches a creamy consistency. This will take about 20-25 minutes.
6. While the risotto is cooking, in a separate pan, sauté the mushrooms until they become golden brown and release their moisture. Remove from heat and set aside.
7. In another pan, sauté the diced butternut squash until it becomes tender. Remove from heat and set aside.
8. Once the risotto reaches the desired consistency, add the cooked mushrooms and butternut squash to the pot. Stir well to combine all the ingredients.
9. Stir in the grated Parmesan cheese (or vegetarian alternative) until it melts and becomes creamy. Season with salt and pepper to taste.
10. Remove the pot from heat and let the risotto rest for a few minutes.
11. Serve the vegetarian risotto hot, garnished with fresh herbs such as parsley or basil.

Enjoy your delicious and flavorful vegetarian risotto without spinach! The combination of mushrooms and butternut squash will still provide a wonderful depth of flavor and texture to this creamy rice dish.
